So, what actually happens whenever
someone opens up your Instagram profile?
Will that person open up a completely
unoptimized Instagram profile and just
kind of get turned off and inevitably
just rebrand their mindless scroll? Or
does that potential follower open up a
perfectly optimized Instagram profile
and get even more drawn into your
content? Or better yet, your link and
bio. In today's video, we're going to
completely transform your Instagram
profile to not only make it look more
professional, but to also optimize it
for Instagram's algorithm so you can get
the most out of the videos that you're
posting. Now, if for some odd [__]
reason you've not seen me on Instagram
before, uh this is not another video of
someone teaching you on how to do the
thing without actually doing the [__]
thing. So, my name is Devon Jth. Uh
within the past 2 years, I've grown my
account from zero to
3818,000 followers. I make multi7
figures from my Instagram account alone.
And just to throw a little bit of icing
on the cake, I average around 318,000
views per video. Meaning, if I post a
video and it gets less than 100,000
views, that is a bad video for my
account. So, with that being said, I
have done the thing and I've done the
thing at the highest level. And now that
you know that, we're going to go over
everything that you need to do to set up
your perfectly optimized profile. Now,
before we hop in, I want to go ahead and
give you a quick little disclaimer. Uh,
this video is going to have a lot of
valuable information and it's going to
be a longer video and it's going to have
more and better information than any of
the $1,000 courses out there you can buy
from the other social media guys. So,
with that being said, this is going to
be a video that's going to be
actionable. It's going to be practical
and you are going to have to do work.
But, at the end of this video, you will
have a perfectly optimized Instagram
profile. So, with that being said, go
ahead and grab out your phone cuz you're
going to [__] need it. Um, grab a pen
and paper so you can take notes and be
ready to [__] work. And other than
that, let's go ahead and begin. So there
are 10 components you need to build your
perfectly optimized Instagram profile.
These 10 components are number one
having a personalized username. Number
two, having an SEO display name. Number
three, having a scientific profile
picture. Number four, having an
optimized bio. Number five, having a
deep link. Number six, having your
Instagram highlights. Number seven,
having the best account type. Number
eight, becoming a verified account.
Number nine, frequently asked questions.
And then last but not least, number 10,
become a suggestible account. These are
going to be the 10 things that you need
to turn your profile into a shitty
unoptimized profile into a perfectly
optimized Instagram profile. And we're
going to go through this list in order
from top to bottom, getting more and
more technical as we go down the list.
And I built this list to stand the test
of time, meaning that every single
optimization that I will give you inside
of this video is going to be timeless
and will not have to be updated. And
with that being said, my promise to you
is that this is going to be the only
Instagram profile optimization guide
that you will ever need to watch in your
life. Now, within the 10 components I'm
going to give you in today's video of
optimizing your Instagram profile, I've
split these 10 into two separate parts
with the first section 1 through six
oriented around optimizing your profile.
And then with the second section 7
through 10 going over how to optimize
your account settings. So, with that
being said, I have a lot of good [__] to
give you guys. So, let's go ahead and
cut the [__] and go and hop into the
first section of optimizing your
account. Starting with components number
one and component number two. So,
component number one, your personalized
username. And then component number two,
your SEO display name. So, let's go and
begin with component number one, your
personalized username. Now, this is
going to be pretty much the app that
you're going to set on Instagram that
allows people to be able to search for
your account. And then your SEO display
name is what people basically is what
will allow you to rank higher in
Instagram search. So when someone
searches for something in your industry,
you pop up first. So we're going to
start with your personalized username.
Now your personalized username should
always include your personal branding
and it should never ever be the name of
your company. And this is for two
separate reasons or anything else for
that matter. It shouldn't be anything
else. Uh it should just be your [__]
personal name. Now reason number one
this is important is because people
trust people, not big corporations. And
then reason number two is just going to
be that your name will always outweigh
your company name. So for example, you
look at this guy. who do you think of or
what what is the name that you think of
whenever you see him? Do you think oh
he's a YouTuber on value tamement or do
you sit there and go oh that's Patrick
Fet David. So with that being said uh
ideally your personalized username
should be just your first and last name.
However for a lot of you I know your
full name is not going to be available.
And if that is the case then all you
have to do is just combine your first
name with whatever you want to be known
for. So for example that might be Coach
Cody uh that might be brand builder
Brian or that might be Fitnick. You get
the point. So, whatever you want to
associate with, just combine your name
with that thing that you want to be
associated with and you are now golden.
And if you did not know how to change
your username on Instagram, all you have
to do is head over to your profile page
on Instagram and then from there click
on edit profile and then from there you
will find the username section on the
second row. Then just go and type in
your desired username, whether that
might be let's just say John Doe and
you're now ready to rock and you now
have a personalized username. So, as you
could have guessed, the next thing on
the list that you need to do is going to
be setting up your SEO display name. And
this is where we can get a little bit
more detailed around what you do and
what industry you're in and what
industry you serve. And by doing this,
it will assist the algorithm to know who
to show your content to. And to set up
your SEO display name, it's quite
simple. All you have to do is just type
in whatever your full name might be and
then have a bracket or what is that [__]
called? Have a [__] line, whatever
that is on the keyboard. Have a [__]
line and then type in your niche
relevant keyword. And a niche relevant
keyword is just basically it's a term
associated with your particular industry
that you think that your target audience
is searching for. So for example, if
you're a fitness coach that helps moms
lose 20 lbs after the first 8 weeks uh
of their pregnancy, then your display
name should be fitness coach for moms.
Or if you're a sales consultant maybe
and you only work with companies that
sell a product that cost more than
$10,000 or more, then your display name
should be full name high ticket sales
consultant. Or if you're a content
fanatic that is bronze, handsome,
charming, uh viral if you will, and you
teach entrepreneurs about how to build
and monetize their personal brand, then
your display name would be Devon Jatha
and then content marketer. And the
reason you do this is that way whenever
someone in your audience or within your
ideal viewer searches for something or
for someone within your industry, you
will pop up first in search. So just
make sure that you are picking a display
name that is broad enough that people
are actually searching for, but it's
also niched down enough that not
everyone in their mother is competing
for uh and competing with you for that
first search ranking. So, for example,
if your name is Brad and you are a
fitness coach, then you probably don't
want to put Brad in fitness coach
because fitness coach is too broad and
you're going to competing with a lot of
people that's have the display name well
that have Yeah. that have the SEO
display name fitness coach. However, if
you type in Brad and then the [__]
bracket fitness coach for dads, that's
probably just right. That's probably
broad enough to where people actually do
search for that, but not too niche to
where you're not going to get many
people that's going to search for it.
So, for example, two niche would look
like Brad bracket fitness coach for
retired jocks. Now, that's maybe too
niche and I would imagine that not too
many people search for that on a
day-to-day basis. So, now that you know
on how to create your SEO display name
that you know that you need one, uh if
you do want to change it, all you have
to do is go back to your Instagram
profile and then return to the edit
profile section and then at the top you
will see the name option which is going
to be where you're going to input your
SEO display name. So go ahead and type
in your full name and then your niche
relevant specific keyword and you are
now good to go whenever it comes to your
personalized username and your SEO
display name. Which means it is time to
move on to the third component on this
list to optimizing your Instagram
profile and that is going to be what I
call having a scientific profile
picture. Now to create what I call a
good profile picture or more so what I
call a scientific profile picture, you
don't need a camera and you don't need a
photo shoot to you don't need any of the
other fancy horseshit. All you need is
your phone, your face, and these
websites that I'm about to give you.
Now, before I even give you the websites
that you're going to use to edit your
profile picture with and make it a
scientific profile picture, you first
need to actually take the [__]
picture. So, either go and find a
close-up selfie in your camera roll that
you think you look sexy in, or go and
open up your camera right now. Actually,
grab your phone if you don't have a
selfie in mind that you're going to use.
Grab your phone. Go ahead and open up
the camera app. There we go. Get in
front of some good lighting. Smile wide.
And then take the selfie. And I do
recommend you actually smile for your
profile picture. That way, that way
whenever someone finally, like, let's
say for example, you have an idol client
and they're looking to message you. It's
a lot easier to message someone, they
look a lot more approachable if you just
see their big ass smile in the corner of
their screen whenever you're sending the
message, which by default will make you
more money by more people and more
clients messaging you. So, with that
being said, go ahead and take the photo
now and then pause the video and then
come back once you have the photo taken.
Cool. So, now that you have your photo,
you have your selfie, you have whatever
photo you found, whatever the case might
be, whatever you feel as if you look
sexy in, now that you have that, go and
head over to the website
pfpmaker.com. Again, one more time,
pfpmaker.com. And then once you arrive
onto
pfpmaker.com, then you're going to need
to go and upload the photo that you just
took or the photo that you had
previously and just upload whatever
yeah, upload whatever photo your profile
picture is going to be. Now, whenever
your photo is eventually uploaded, then
the first thing that you're going to do
is you're going to want to click on edit
photo and then customize exactly on how
you want your picture to be positioned.
So, what you want to do is you want to
make sure to readjust yourself to make
sure that you are completely centered
within the profile picture and then get
all up in your grill. And what I mean by
get all up in your grill and zoom the
[__] in because remember that profile
pictures are very, very, very, very
small on social media platforms and we
want to be as noticeable and as
recognizable as possible. So now that
your photo is properly adjusted, you are
in the middle of it and you have zoomed
in to where you your your head looks
[__] big on the profile picture, then
uh you just need to brand yourself with
a color. So to do this, go and click on
the background at the top and then click
on the custom color option so that you
can choose the exact color that you
want. Now, of course, you can choose
whatever color you want, but I will say
there are some colors that are better
than others and they work better than
others on social media. So according to
the study done by UX design, these are
the top five colors to use on social
media ranking from bottom to top. So
first you have green. In fifth place,
fourth place you have white. Third place
you have blue. Fourth place you have
black. And then lastly, in first place,
not lastly, uh firstly in first place
you have yellow. And I already know
before you say it, Devin, your [__]
background color is purple. Why did you
choose purple? Yes, I chose the color
purple for my profile picture. I made
this profile picture a long long time
ago before I ever had this research. My
brand color is already set in stone. And
honestly, even if I had the chance to
change it now and go back in time and
change it, I wouldn't cuz I just like
[__] purple. So, use that information
as you will and those going to be the
best five colors if you want to use and
if you want to use those. So, now that
that's out of the way, uh just go ahead
and choose your color. Go and choose the
background that you would like. And then
from there, just go ahead and download
your profile picture. And then that's
it. You now look like an approachable,
professional individual that is also
well associated with color, which means
you now have a scientific profile
picture, which brings us to the next
component on this list of optimizing
your Instagram profile. And that is
going to be the fourth component,
optimizing your Instagram bio. Now, your
Instagram bio is going to be your one
shot to convert your new viewers that
click on your profile and turn that to
new viewer into a new follower. And then
eventually, if your profile is good
enough, which it will be, if you follow
what I tell you, turn that new follower
into a new customer. So, with that being
said, to have an optimized Instagram
profile, it needs to consist of three to
four key lines. So, the first line of
your Instagram bio needs to be an
elevator pitch. Now, this is just going
to be a quick opening line on what you
do, who you serve, and how you help. The
second line of your Instagram bio being
an authority statement or an
accomplishment within your niche. And
then you have the third line. Now, the
third line is optional. If your bio is
getting close to the passing of the 160
character limit, then just go and skip
the third line. You don't need it.
However, if you do have some extra
characters left over, then I would
utilize your third line as an
opportunity to showcase another
authority statement or accomplishment
within your niche to help solidify your
competence. But again, that is only if
you have the extra characters to do so.
If you do not have the extra characters,
then don't worry about it. Just go ahead
and move on to the fourth and last line
of your Instagram bio, your enticing
call to action. Now, the call to action
needs to be very, very clear-cut and
directional on where you want the viewer
to go. And you always want to frame this
call to action in the viewer's benefit.
Meaning that you're always directing
them towards something that will help
them and they can see it helping them.
Whether that might be telling them to
download a free a free download, a free
PDF, a free training, uh whether that
might be a a free notion page, whatever
the case might be, a free newsletter,
whatever the case might be, whatever
your top offunnel bait is, you want to
push them towards that one thing that's
going to be framed in their benefit.
Now, obviously, this is going to be my
account and this is going to be an
example of what I believed an optimized
bio looks like. But if you do want to
see a couple other more optimized bios I
made for different niches to help you
get a better understanding, here are
two. So, the first example that I made
for you guys is going to be this example
for a stock trader that sells a course
on how to trade stocks. So, on the first
line, you'll see I teach traders how to
be profitable. And that's going to be
the elevator pitch. The second line is
going to be the authority statement 7
figure day trader. And then we have the
third line which is going to be
reinforcing the authority with
accomplishment and that is going to be
master's degree in finance. And then you
have the fourth line which is going to
be a directional and easy to understand
call to action. Learn to trade here. And
then it takes them to a link to
traderchool.com where they can learn how
to trade. And that is the first example
of an optimized bio. However, I created
two like I said previously because I
always overd deliver. So, let's go and
go over the second example, which will
be going over a fitness coach that helps
moms lose weight after postpartum
optimized bile. So, for the first line,
the elevator pitch, it says, "Helping
moms feel awesome after babies." And
that's going to be the elevator pitch.
Then the second line, you have the
authority statement, which is going to
be certified personal trainer and
nutritionist. And then, let's just say,
for example, we are running out of
characters. So, we say, "Fuck the third
line." We skip it. move straight to the
fourth fourth line which is going to be
your directional call to action. So the
directional call to action is free core
after kids guide and then from that it
takes them to the website gets
skinny.com and that's going to be framed
in their benefit obviously because you
get a free core after kids guide which
is amazing and those be the two
different uh examples I've created for
you guys whenever it comes to optimized
bio. So, now that you know how to create
your optimized bio, do not move on to
the fifth components on this list
without creating your optimized bio. Go
ahead and pause this video. Create your
optimized bio. Here's the templates
here. And then here are the examples all
on one screen. From that, go ahead and
create your optimized bio. And then
unpause the video whenever you're done.
Perfect. You now have an optimized bio.
But hold your [__] horses cuz you are
not done yet. You now have an optimized
bio. However, you do not have an
optimized link. So, let's go ahead and
fix that. Now, most people use what is
typically called a normal link. And
what's wrong with normal links and using
them in your Instagram bio is that
Instagram does not want their users to
leave their platform. Instagram wants
viewers to stay on their platform for as
long as possible. That way that user can
end up watching more ads, hence they
make more money. So whenever a viewer
does click onto your normal link on your
Instagram profile, they don't actually
get taken to that link. Instagram will
open up that link in their platform,
making it extremely easy for the viewer
just to exit out of it at the top left
and then go back to their brainless
scrolling. Plus, if your link in bio was
to, let's say, for example, a YouTube
video, whenever your viewer opens up
that link that to your YouTube video, it
doesn't open in the YouTube app. It
opens in the YouTube Safari where the
viewer most likely is not going to be
signed in. So, the viewer literally
can't like, subscribe, or comment on
your video. So, to combat that, we are
going to swap out your normal link with
what is called a deep link. Now, a deep
link is a link that will completely
force your viewer off of the Instagram
platform onto wherever you want them to
go. So if your deep link is to your
website, let's say for example, the deep
link will completely move the viewer off
of the Instagram platform onto your
website. Or even better, if your deep
link is to your YouTube video, then as
soon as the viewer clicks on to your
deep link, it'll prompt the viewer to
open up the YouTube video in the mobile
application. So now the viewer can
actually like, subscribe, and comment on
your YouTube video. And this goes for a
bunch of different use cases. It's not
only just moving them to a website, it's
moving that to YouTube. Let's say for
example, it might be Amazon. Majority of
people are not going to be signed in on
Amazon on their Safari. They're going to
be signed in on Amazon on the Amazon
app. So, you can create a deep link to,
let's say, your affiliate page. Whatever
the case might be, you do not want a
normal link. You want a deep link. And
the way that you get a deep link and the
way that you set it up, honestly, it's
not hard at all. The website that I like
to use whenever it comes to creating my
deep link is going to be app. URL genie.
app. URL Genie. However, if you are
lazy, I linked it below in the
description. So you can just scroll
down, go click on it. So once you get on
the website and you are all signed in,
then literally all you have to do is
copy your normal link and then paste it
into this bar here and then from that
customize the end of the end of the link
with whatever you want and then from
that that website will spit back out to
you your deep link. It is that [__]
simple. However, anything worth having
is never free. So, whenever you sign up
to your All Genie, it will give you 500
free clicks to her deep link before they
shut it off and make you pay them money
for the deep link to continue to work.
But what they ask for, in my opinion, is
more than fair. Uh, after your free 500
clicks, you get you have to pay 2 cents
per click, which isn't bad at all. The
way I like to look at it is that if 200
people clicked on my deep link, can I
make more than $2? Ask yourself that
question and if the answer is no, then
you probably have a bigger problem than
optimizing your scam profile. However,
for those of you that said yes, you can
make more than $2 from 200 people
clicking on your deep link, then um two
two cents per click is more than worth
it. So, if you can make more than $2 and
200 clicks, what I recommend you doing
now is to go ahead and pause the video,
go ahead and create your deep link, and
then from there add it into your
Instagram profile. And now whenever
you're entitled call to action that
basically points them towards that link,
they can click on that link and it will
move them completely off the Instagram
profile onto wherever you want them to
go. And then once you officially have
set up your deep link, which pause the
video if you have not already. But once
that is set up, then you're ready to
move on to the prime real estate of your
account and some of the things that I
feel as if it's overlooked and that is
going to be your Instagram highlights.
All right, so moving on to component
number six whenever it comes to
optimizing your Instagram profile, you
have the Instagram highlights. And if
you don't know what Instagram highlights
is or how they work, basically whenever
you post an Instagram story to your
Instagram stories and you leave it there
for 24 hours for the entirety of your 24
hours, then that story will become
eligible to be turned into an Instagram
highlight. So all a highlight is is just
basically a compilation of archived
stories you can categorize into your
profile. And in my opinion, there's
really only three highlights that you
need and then the rest are going to be
optional. However, to keep the
importance of the prime real estate to
your account, your Instagram highlights,
you should always limit the amount of
highlights on your page to a maximum of
five. Now, the three highlights that I
recommend and I say are pretty much
non-negotiables for your account that I
think your account needs to have is
going to be number one, your offer
highlight, number two, your results
highlight, and then lastly, number
three, your personable highlight. And
we're going to start with number one,
which is going to be your offer
highlight. Now, your offer highlight is
just going to be a highlight that
introduces new and existing followers to
whatever your paid product might be.
Whether that's an ecom product, whether
that's a course, whether that's an
online service that you sell, whatever
the [__] you sell or whatever you want
to push people to, that is going to be
your offer highlights. Now, I'm going to
go over a couple examples of what offer
highlight looks like. That way, you can
create one for yourself. Starting with
one of the better offer highlights that
I've seen whenever it comes to offer
highlights. And it actually comes from
an old coach from ours in our content
education platform for business owners
called Nexus. By the way, link is in the
description if you want to check that
out. Uh, but this old coach's name is
going to be Steven Miller. So, if we go
ahead and open up this offer highlight,
I will walk you guys through it. All
right, ladies and gentlemen, this is the
man that myth the legend, Mr. Steven
Miller. Uh, this guy was one of the old
coaches in uh, Nexus, like I mentioned
previously. However, uh this guy's an
amazing account. If you guys don't
follow him, I recommend checking him
out. With that being said, let's going
to open up his offer highlight. So, his
product is the automated creator 2.0.
And this is the highlight that he has.
It's going to be introducing that offer
to you. So, what I really like about
this offer highlights and why I wanted
to use it as an example is that it's not
just one story and then that's it. It's
a collection of stories and it goes by a
pattern of here are the results, here is
the call to action, here are the
results, and here's the call to action.
And the reason I like that is just
because if you click on this highlight,
you're able to even if you don't take
action on the first call to action, you
have about three more chances and you
see more and more results. So
eventually, let's say for example, we
get to the fifth
slide. Want these results? Call to
action. You know what I mean? So it's
just like it kind of recatches them if
they skip past the first call to action.
So they're going to walk you through it.
Like I said, pattern, do you want these
results? If you do, cool. Call to
action. Uh automated creator. This is a
promotion post. If you want $100, sign
up today before you use what Stephen
Miller sells. After you use what Steven
Miller sells. Do you want these results?
Do you want these results? Do you want
these results? Call to action. Do you
want these results? Do you want these
results? Do you want these results? Do
you want these results? And then there
was no [__] call to action here. No,
there was call to action. There we go.
Reply with juice to find out how.
Obviously, it's probably one of the one
of the not so good call to actions, but
it's there. Um, so that's one thing I
like to take inspiration from whenever
it comes to an offer highlight, and
that's a good example. Another example
of what is to be a good offer highlight
is going to be from one of our past
clients, one of our previous clients,
one of our favorite clients that we've
ever had is going to be Mr. Brian Mark.
Now, from that, Brand Mark has a couple
of the offer highlights. He does exceed
the five highlight rule, but that's just
[__] Brighton. He's going to do what
he wants to do. So, uh, let's say for
example, this may be a this is going to
be an offer highlight. So, from that,
you click on it and it's literally just
going to give you more information
around his offer. So, having a hard time
starting your business, attracting new
clients, and getting prospects to pay,
the change lives academy is the number
one rated business coaching program for
online fitness coaches to start and
scale their business from 0 to 5 to 10K
per month. There's no other program on
the market like it. Apply here to be
considered. It's just called action.
That's all it is. Here's the offer. go
check out the offer. Really simple,
nothing crazy. Um, however, it is more
than effective. This guy makes a million
dollars a month. For context of those
that don't know Brand Mark. So, um, this
is going to be another example of a
successful offer highlight. Also, if
you're in the market, if you're a
fitness coach, you're in the market of
investing into a mentor that's going to
help you grow your fitness business,
there's not a person I would recommend
more with brand mark, and I know a lot
of these guys that are fitness business
coaches. I would highly recommend him if
you are a fitness coach. Anyways, let's
go and move on to the last example of
what our offer highlights will look like
and that will be from yours truly, Devin
Chapo. As you can see, we have five
highlights. It is at the maximum
capacity of having Prime Real Estates on
your account. And my offer highlight is
going to be join Nexus. Now, this one I
opted in for a very, very simple offer
highlight. Nothing crazy. Just want them
to take action. So, from that, Deon
Jatha, join Nexus, helping online
business owners create predictable and
profitable content. Reply with Nexus.
Nothing crazy, nothing too thought out,
literally just here's a simple call to
action to take if you want to learn more
about what I sell. And next is going to
be our educational platform that teaches
online business owners how to make more
money through social media. So, uh, that
is going to be my offer highlight. Cool.
And that is going to be your first
highlight, your offer highlight.
Basically, a highlight just directing
your new and existing followers to your
offer. Now, the second highlight that
we're going to utilize is going to be
your results highlight. And this is
going to be a line that literally just
is a collection of results that you got
customers and clients through your
offer. So whatever that thing might be
that we push people to, that is what
we're going to show results for. So for
example, if you want to go and open up
my results page or my results highlight,
this is what it looks like. So from
that, it is literally just going to be
results from people inside Nexus. So as
you can see, Ben, he got his first viral
video. Then Ben did it again and uh got
more viral videos. Another result is
going to be Mr. Ryan. Ryan had had his
first 100K views with only having 2K
followers, which by the way, Ryan is now
at um I think he's at 130,000 followers
and he just had a video that got like 16
million views. So that's another one for
Ryan that wasn't posted, but that's a
one for Ryan. And then it just basically
goes over results for people being
inside of Nexus. And that's going to be
what the highlight is oriented around.
Nothing too complex. However, it is more
than effective because if you're going
to push people to your highlights and if
you're going to have an offer
highlights, then majority of people want
to see that the offer actually works and
that is what this highlight is going to
be. That's its purpose pretty much. So,
there is your results highlight and your
last required highlight is going to be
your personable highlight. I also like
to call this your me highlight. And your
me highlight is exactly what it sounds
like, just a highlight of your life. Uh,
if you followed me for a while, then you
know I'm pretty robotic whenever it
comes to content creation. Uh, my
philosophy is give value. Give more
[__] value. No one gives a [__] about
your life. Give more value. But
obviously, at some points, people do
need to like you for you if your goal is
to build a long-lasting personal brand.
Now, the best way that I found to
display your personality while still
displaying your day-to-day life is going
to be through your me highlights or your
personable highlights with basically any
part of your day um in your life that
you believe is a highlight, no pun
intended. Uh basically just something
within your life that you believe is
also somewhat desirable to your ideal
audience. Basically just compiling
compiling it into your personal
highlight. A picture showing you having
the freedom to go on vacation with your
family. Uh a personal accomplishment
outside of your work or maybe even just
a picture of you and your dog. Just
basically use this highlight to display
your personality and allow people to
like you for you and not only what you
provide within your content. Now, my
personable or me highlight is
realistically uh me just flexing. So,
it's not a great example. However, I'm
sure you get the gist. Just basically
showing your personality through this
highlight, allowing people or new
followers to be able to come here and
see what you're actually about outside
of just give more value, give more
value, give more value in your content
and creating educational content. And
those are going to be pretty much the
three required highlights that you
actually really need. But if you want
to, you can add two more. And you can
make those two more whatever you want.
They can either be hiring highlights
allowing or I actually have an example
of that. I have a hiring highlight. It
can be a hiring highlight allowing for
new followers to apply for a job. So for
example, if you're constantly looking
for a position, you can make a hiring
highlight. That way people can apply to
work for you. Uh it could be a
testimonial highlight displaying videos
of your customers talking about your
offer. So for example, I have that one
too. That's my fifth one. And it's
basically just a bunch of people inside
Nexus talking about their experience.
Here's like that brand mark I talked
about earlier. Or it could even just be
like a a freebie highlight directing
your new followers to a free resource or
more free resources. Just kind of get
creative with them and remember to limit
yourself with only five highlights. That
way you keep the importance of the
highlights themselves. If you have 20
highlights, then no one's going to look
through the highlights. You know what I
mean? Like no one's going to look
through the highlights. No one's going
to look through 20 highlights. So keep
it to a max of five. And if you don't
know how to create an Instagram
highlight, literally all you have to do
is click on the new button under your
Instagram bio and then you're ready to
rock. All you have to do is just click
on what stories you want to add into
that highlight and then you now have
created your highlight. All right, so
like I said, that concludes our profile
page optimization and it begins our
settings optimization. Now on Instagram,
there are around four settings that
actually have some sort of real tangible
effect on your account's performance.
And all of these settings all play a
decentsized role within not only one
just getting more followers but then
also number two turning those followers
into customers. Now these four are going
to be number one become a business
account, number two become a verified
account, number three frequently asked
questions and then lastly number four
become a suggestible account with the
first one being becoming a business
account. Now a business account
basically gives you a multitude of
features that a personal and creator
account just won't give you. So, if you
don't know what an account is, basically
you can change your account type on
Instagram and from that it'll unlock
different features for Instagram. Of
course, if you don't run a business,
it's going to be less um it's going to
be less beneficial for you. However,
it's still going to be the best account
type that you can choose on Instagram.
So, to prove that, here is a table of
all the features that you get with a
business account that you do not get
with a personal or creator account on
Instagram. Now, there is one downside
whenever it comes to switching to a
business account, and that is is that it
limits the amount of songs you're able
to overlay onto your video. Uh, so you
can't use trending sounds. By the way,
trending sounds are horseshit. If anyone
tells you that you need trending sounds,
they're [__] stupid. Anyways, uh,
just you can't put songs on your videos
within the Instagram app, which for me
personally is not that big of a deal at
all, just because all of my songs are
edited into my video within the editing
process. But if you really love using
the song feature, uh, then that would be
the only reason on why you shouldn't use
a business account. So, if that is not a
dealbreaker for you, then let's go ahead
and set up your business account. So,
first you want to go and head back over
to your Instagram account. And then from
there, at the top right, go and click on
that little hamburger in the top right.
And then go and open up your settings
and privacy. Immediately, if you have a
creator account, then you will see the
setting creator tools and controls at
the top. or if you are on a personal
account, then scroll down just a little
bit and you'll find the setting account
type and tools. Either or just go and
open up one of those settings and then
scroll down to the bottom until you find
the setting switch account type. Now, if
you're a personal account, then from
here it'll take you through the setup of
your professional account and setting
that up. Or if you are on a creator
account, then just go and change it to
business and it's really seamless.
Again, either way, you'll end up on the
page of selecting your account type and
all you have to do is just from there
switch to the business account. And then
once you officially have your new
business account, then it's time to move
on to component number eight. And that
is going to be verifying your business
account. So if you do not live under a
rock and did not know, Instagram rolled
out a new verification feature, I would
say last year to where you can actually
buy the blue check mark on your account.
And last month, they rolled out a couple
different verifications that you can buy
if you have a business account, which
we're going to get into the benefits of
right now. So, first off, of course,
there is a little bit of nostalgic
status that comes with having this blue
check mark next to your name. However,
there are some actual tangible benefits
outside of its semblance of status, and
there are four verification plans that
you can purchase. The first plan that
you can buy is going to be the business
standard, which is going to be $15 per
month. The second is going to be the
business plus plan, which is going to be
$45 a month. The third, you have the
business premium, which is $120 per
month. Then lastly, if you're a baller,
you have business max, which is $350 per
month. So out of these four, that's
that's a decent amount of options. So
which one of these four should you buy?
In my opinion, you should only really
buy the business standard or the
business premium. And that's because
number one, the business standard will
realistically give you everything that
you need. Uh it gives you your
verification badge, which gives you the
blue badge to signify that you are
authentic, which will help with
impersonation. And they also have an
impersonation protection feature which
basically says that you get enhanced
protection against account
impersonation, whatever that means. You
also get uh an actual access to chat for
customer support for Instagram. So if
your account has issues, you can re
reach out to them through that chat. And
you get a couple other enhanced profile
features. So just tools to optimizing
the business profile. And apparently you
get better search optimization. So you
get better discovery in the search
results. And then you have the next
option which is going to be business
plus which was the one that was $45 a
month. And this is going to include
pretty much everything in business
standard. So everything I just mentioned
except you're going to get faster issue
resolution which means you're going to
you're going to be higher on the
priority for your support. However, if
you're going to get the business plus
which is the $45 a month plan, you might
as well just go and get the business
premium which is the one I have
personally. So, the business premium
again is $120 per month and it includes
everything that you get in business plus
you also get call support option which
is important to me. I want to be able to
call somebody. If some shit's going
wrong with my account, I want to get on
the phone. So, that's important to me.
So, you do get to call and you're going
to be guaranteed to get some sort of
report quickly cuz you're calling them
rather than waiting on a response in the
actual chat itself. Uh again, if you're
brick and mortar, you get more business
addresses. So instead of three verified
business addresses, you can add five.
Again, I think it's going to be
beneficial to most of you. Same thing
with showcase more profiles. Instead of
having I think it was three, you now get
five in this plan. And then you also get
additional real links. So you can get
four clickable links onto your reels uh
a month. So instead of two with the last
plan, you get four. Also, you get
employee protection, which means you get
impersonation protection for up to two
employees. And you also get to customize
messaging chats uh which means you get
access to advanced uh messaging
features. So if you want to customize
your messaging chats to where a customer
messages you, you can basically make
that chat uh aligned with your brand
colors which is pretty cool. Something
I've not set up yet but I plan to. And
then you have the last plan which
honestly unless you're like a really
decentsized brick and mortar business I
don't see the use case on this. If it
was beneficial to buy it, I would buy it
just because Instagram is one of the
main ways I make money. And of course,
I'm the Instagram guy, so I'd [__]
buy it. But the business max of $350 a
month doesn't really give you anything
uh at least of value to me or for an
online business in my opinion. So, it
includes everything in business premium
plus you get active case monitoring,
which means you get a dedicated
monitoring for ongoing issues. I don't
know what the [__] that means. I would
assume if there's like uh if you get one
of your videos struck down or whatever
the case might be, that's what active
case monitoring will be oriented around.
And then you have account strategy
reviews, which means you get semianual
reviews for content strategy guidance
from Instagram, which sounds cool, but
at $350 per month, I mean, you could
pretty much just go ahead and get the
business premium plan and then buy Viral
Flow, which is our low ticket option to
help business owners get started
whenever it comes to creating
predictable viral content. and then
taking that predictable viral content
and then automating your sales through a
software named Minihat. There's my
shameless plug. Viral FL 247 bucks.
It'll teach you how to create viral
content and then like I said, automate
sales from your viral content through a
software named Minihat if you want to
check that out. It would also be a
[__] link in the description. But
either way, no matter what, you should
just basically get the business standard
at $15 per month. However, if you care
about uh getting that call support and
giving the option to add links onto your
reels and customizing your messaging
chat to match your brand theme, then
I'll go ahead and splurge on the
business premium, which is the one that
I have. So, go ahead and open up your
account center and then look near the
bottom of the page and you will find
metaverified. Once you're there, it's
going to ask you for a couple of things.
Uh it's going to ask you to provide some
sort of verification uh of
identification to prove that you're
actually who you say you are. And then
it's going to ask you to pay them
[__] money. So, go ahead and pay them
the money. wait for Medit to review your
submission and then receive your
verification and then after those four
steps you will now have a verified
account. However, that is not all that
you unlock whenever we switch from a
personal account to business account. So
yes, whenever you switch from a personal
to a business, you do unlock the
capability to be able to buy a business
verification, but you also unlock the
capability of utilizing a setting called
frequently asked questions. So, because
you have a business account, you've now
unlocked the new setting, FAQ, which
stands for frequently asked questions,
like I just said. And what this does is
whenever your new follower messages you
for the first time, and they open up
your messages, they will see a list of
FAQs to choose from. So, let's say, for
example, you made an FAQ FAQ around how
to work with you and how to buy your
product. All your new follower has to do
whenever they open up your message is
click on the FAQ that they want an
answer from. And then from that, it will
send an automated response that you set
up prior and tell the new follower on
how they can give you their money. So,
this is good [__] So, to set this up
and to set up your first FAQ, all you
have to do is go back to your account
settings. And then from there, scroll
down just a tad to find the business
tools and controls. Now, once you're on
your business tools and controls, go and
scroll down a little bit until you find
the setting named frequently asked
questions. And now you are here. here.
And all you have to do is go ahead and
create the question that you think your
audience might have and then guide them
to wherever you want them to go within
the answer to the question. So go and
fill in the questions that you want to
create an automatic answer for. Uh for
example, for me that's going to be how
can I work with you and then how can I
work for you. So I want to create a how
can I work with you? Meaning how can um
how can uh how can you get me your
money? Basically, how can you join Nexus
or ViralFlow? And then how can you work
for me is going to be more so hey I'm
looking for a job. What kind of job
offers do you have? And that's going to
be my automated FAQs. So once you have
typed in all the questions and responses
that you want to automate, just go and
click on the switch named show questions
in chat. So now whenever a new follower
of yours tries to message you for the
first time, they will be instantly
greeted with this list of questions that
they can choose from and instantly get
an answer from. And that is the ninth
component of optimizing your Instagram
profile FAQs. Which brings us to the
last component on this list to optimize
your Instagram profile. And that is
going to be component number 10. similar
account setup. So, what is similar
account suggestion and why should you
want to have this setting turned on? So,
what I want you to do is I want you to
think back to the last time you opened
up an account and then you followed that
account. Now, whenever you follow that
account, do you remember that little
list of suggested accounts right under
the their account like right under their
bio uh right after you follow them?
Those people on that list that are being
suggested to you get a [__] ton of
followers from being on that list. And
the way you can become one of those
people on that list is by turning on
this setting. So, to turn on the setting
of becoming a suggested account, that
way you get recommended to other people
whenever they open up your competitor's
account, uh you have to turn on the
setting on your desktop. You cannot find
this setting on your iPhone. So, that
being said, go and grab your laptop,
wherever that might be. Grab your
laptop. Actually, go do it right now.
And then head over to the website, not
the app, to the website, instagram.com.
So, once you're on instagram.com, from
there, just go and open up your profile.
And then from there, go and click on
edit profile, which should be right next
to your username. And then at the bottom
of the edit profile setting, you will
find the setting called show account
suggestions on profiles. Just go ahead
and make sure that that box is ticked
and you are now good to go.
Congratulations. You now have completed
all 10 components of building a
completely optimized Instagram profile.
Now the only step from here is to bring
attention to this newly optimized
profile of yours. So if you want, I do
highly recommend that you check out
ViralFlow uh the little product that I
mentioned earlier. It's our lowest
ticket product. Viral Flow will teach
you on how to come up with some viral
ideas for your content. It'll teach you
on how to script those viral ideas using
my scripting systems. It'll teach you on
how to record those viral scripts and
then whenever it's all said and done,
uh, my creative director will teach you
on how to get the highest quality edits
in the most efficient manner possible.
So, to check out ViralFlow, if that
sounds interesting to you at all, it'll
be the first link in the description and
then it'll go over more of what actually
is inside. Either way, hopefully you
enjoyed this video and until next time,
subscribe for more